feat: add first and last to the Page interface (#11176)
withastro/astro: .changeset/twenty-maps-glow.md

---

> 'astro': major

Reviewer: ```suggestion
'astro': minor
```
It's a minor as it introduces a feature but doesn't break anything.

---

> feat: Add urls to the first and the last page in the Page interface

Reviewer 2: This will need updating, will wait to see what the docs PR is to know what to suggest.

> feat: Add urls to the first and the last page in the Page interface

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Adds two new values to the [pagination `page` prop](https://docs.astro.build/en/reference/api-reference/#the-pagination-page-prop): `page.first` and `page.last` for accessing the URLs of the first and last pages.
```
Maybe something like this? When new options are added, I do always think it's helpful if the changeset message mentions them by name!
